# Introduction:
    This is a web-application in which a user can search and shorlist universities. A user can search for a university either by name or country or both. There is also a way to keep the shorlisted universities in a 'my List' and users can reorder them as they like.

# Tools used:
    HTML,CSS, JavaScript(React).

# Working Deatils- JS:
    There are 3 main components, one parent (App.js) and two children (AllList.js and MyList.js) with their respective CSS files.
    I started off with the AllList.js file and wrote the code to display the list. I used state to declare variables since the changes won't be rendered in the normal variable declarations. The list to be displayed is stored in a variable named 'schools' which is declared in the parent component and the props is used in the AllList component. Declaring the varibale in the parent component was important because in this case the state of varibale won't change everytime we navigate to a different page. Similarly, the 'url' variable and the function that will fetch the API are also declared in the parent component. 

    Going through the code in AllList :- There is a heading with some styling and then there is a div element with lazy loading attribute. Inside the div I used the 'schools' prop to display the list stored in 'schools'. I did the iteration using map function. In the next line there is a declaration of a variable 'addBtnTxt', here it checks whether the 'school' in 'schools' is present in 'myList'(this is the list of shortlisted universities ), if it is present then the value of the button is changed from 'Add to My List' to "Added". The next lines are displaying the "name" , "country", "domain" and " web-pages" of the universities. I turned the "web-pages" to links so that they are accessible directly from the browser. Following this there is one more div which is a form used to filter the list according to names or country. Once the form is submitted the "onsubmit" function is called which inturn calls the getnames prop that is defined in the parent component. The getnames updates the "schools" according to the form values.

    Going through the code in MyList :- starting from the return() of this page. First there is the heading , following which comes a line like this "{!filter && <div>{props.mL.map((m, i)}", this basically says that if the "filter" variable is and the div part is true(which always will be) then this part of the code will be executed,i.e., the universities in "mL" list (since prop is used so I used mL for myList) will be shown. The reason for "filter" to be false is that if the submit button of the filter form of this page is not clicked. If the button is clicked with some values in the input area then the list stored in the "filteredList" will be displayed. The lists carry the same details as the AllList and in addition it has two buttons for UP and DOWN. This buttons helps in changing the order of the List . The function for onClick is written in the parent component(App.js) so that it doesnt chnage when the MyList Page is reloaded. The values of the input area in the form is stored in state which changes with clicking the search button. the filterMyList function makes a list of the universities that matches the Form values.

    Going through the code in App :- This is the main parent component so I did most of the variable declarations here.  The url has the link of the API with {names} and {country} variables which will be filled once the filter form is submitted. I used useEffect here so that it renders once the page is started. Most of the functions I talked about in AllList section is defined in this component. Like getnames, goUp, goDown then there is a updateList function which fills the "schools" array, there are alse changecountry and changenames functions which sets the names and country once submitted. I have also set up 2 buttons in the right top corner which helps in easy navigation between AllList and MyList. There is a state called "design" which is set to true or false according to the button clicked. This is like a boolean counter which I used to help me display one page at a time among the AllList and MyList.

# CSS :
    In the browser you will see a page with heading "Univerties around the world" and the list of the colleges(it takes around 5-10 seconds to load, since I am not that familiar with lazy loading so I couldn't use it). On the right side starting from the top you will see two buttons "University List" and "My List" followed by the filter form. I use the position property fixed so that it doesn't move with the page and we can access them anytime we want. There is a "Add To My List" button below every college description which when clicked chnages to "Added" and adds your college to MyList. On clicking the My List button in the top right corner you will go to MyList page and there you can also filter them according to names and country plus you can chnage the order by clicking the UP and Down buttons.


# notes:- It takes 5-10 secs to load the page in the first time because of 9000+ data values, but it doesn't take long when filtered because the data is reduced.
